Cell Systems checklist (#135)
greenelab/iscb-diversity-manuscript: content/01.abstract.md

## Highlights
<!-- 3–4 bullet points of no more than 85 characters in length, including spaces,  -->
- proportion of women honorees was similar to that of the field
- scientists of East Asian origin have been underrepresented among honorees
- disparities arise partly, but not exclusively, from geography

> - honorees with an affiliation in the US were overrepresented by a factor of 2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- honorees with an affiliation in the United States were overrepresented by a factor of 2.0
```
Not sure if they will require this 🤷

Author: This is 89 characters, over the 85 limit...
